docs(srv): Add ref doc on handlers MTA-4407 (#3046)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip.mdx

    9. Configure your function.
    10. Click **Create function** to finish.

    <Message type="note">
    Refer to our [dedicated documentation](/serverless/functions/how-to/create-a-function/) for more information on how to create Serverless Functions
    </Message>

  </TabsTab>
  <TabsTab label="Scaleway API">

    1. In a terminal, set an environment variable to name the zip file automatically:
        ```bash
        export FUNCTION_ARCHIVE="function-$SCW_FUNCTION_ID.zip"
        ```

    2. Create a zip archive with your code:
        ```bash
        zip $FUNCTION_ARCHIVE handler.js
        ```

        <Message type="note">
          If you wish to use external dependencies, you will have to package them inside the zip archive as well:

            ```bash
            zip -r $FUNCTION_ARCHIVE package.json handler.js node_modules
            ```
        </Message>
    
    3. Run `ls -lh` to get the size of your archive in bytes:
        ```sh
        ls -lh
        -rw-r--r--  1 user  group 675 Apr 18 15:42 
        ```

    4. Export the archive size in bytes as an environment variable:

        ```bash
        export ARCHIVE_SIZE=675
        ```

>     5. Get the presigned URL from the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5. Get the pre-signed URL from the API.
```

        ```
        export PRESIGNED_URL=$(curl -X GET -H "X-Auth-Token: $SCW_SECRET_KEY" \
        "https://api.scaleway.com/functions/v1beta1/regions/$SCW_DEFAULT_REGION/functions/$SCW_FUNCTION_ID/upload-url?content_length=$ARCHIVE_SIZE" | jq ."url")
        ```

>     6. Run the following command to check that the presigned URL has been properly exported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    6. Run the following command to check that the pre-signed URL has been properly exported:
```

        ```sh
        echo $PRESIGNED_URL
        ```

        A response like the following displays:
        ```json
        "https://s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/scw-database-srvless-prod/uploads/
        function-b0525a73-947d-4ba4-92de-17f267a7ec5a.zip?X-Amz-Algorithm
        =AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=SCW6Z6VKJVG81FQZVB14%2F20190627
        %2Ffr-par%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20190627T092839Z&X-Amz-Expires
        =3600&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=content-length%3Bcontent-type%3Bhost&
        X-Amz-Signature=e9f3e22f39638dac047f0f4e9ab521c7971cacb01f61f523cb948baa328a0eff"
        ```

        <Message type="important">
          Make sure the URL is contained in double quotes (`"`), and that it does not contain raw Javascript character codes (such as `\u0026` instead of `&`). 
        </Message>

>     7. Run the following code to upload your code to the presigned URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    7. Run the following code to upload your code to the pre-signed URL:
```
